Uh,
China announces they've got all these AI drones that are autonomous and all
these AI weapons systems director aircraft show.
So what I'm telling you is China has no rules.
20 years ago they had cows that produce human milk.
20 years ago they had spiders.
That British body armor spotter guts.
Okay.
They have human animal hybrid.
30 years ago they've got giant human tissue farms.
You know,
you hear,
oh your,
your achilles is torn.
We've got a grown in a lab attended.
It's not a fricking 10 and grown in a lab.
It's a fricking the deal.
A humanoid.
These aren't humans.
The way they get around it is they made me wait.
They were saying so many things.
This is,
listen,
I love you to death,
but you,
since you stole a million dollars given with your real,
I believe they are,
but you say so many different things without stopping.
It's hard cause I'm an agency so they'll listen to investigate.
I'm decompartmentalize okay.
But it will be studied for years.
So
no,
I believe you.
Joe.
Joe,
Yes.
Joe.
It was the an Mit quarterly 25 years ago that they had human animal embryos but
they killed him at the embryonic level.
I can pull it up.
Those was this man.
I believe they've got humanoids.
I believe this that I've been,
they look,
they've already used CRISPR to enhance children's higher intelligence and Shiloh
was actually,
it was a side effect they believe of making their intelligence.
HIV was something about HIV immune to HIV.
Oh yes.
Everything that roll out is already been tested.
Oh,
I believe you.
But it has an aim.
So let me tell you what's really going on.
The globalist want to play God,
they have what they call a breakaway civilization.
What said it was all about the breakaway civilization was talking about Sandy
Hook,
which I get,
I appreciate letting me cover and I'm sorry it ever happened.
I believed it happened.
I'm sorry for people's pain.
And then I ask the families and I asked the,
the the lawyers and I asked them all stop in my name saying I'm the wolf at the
door.
Shang go after these families and stopped running around to the news everywhere
saying,
Alex Jones Has Sandy Hook didn't happen because the media,
how about some media is the most unpopular thing in the world with 7% approval
rating and Gallup.
So when they say that,
I say it's fake.
That sends people to Connecticut because people think the media lies.
So if they're saying,
Alex Jones said it didn't happen,
it must have not happened.
And now they're trying to create a violent event.
Not the families,
but I think some of the people involved know that they make it big enough hype
about it.
They're going to have a big event up there in Connecticut.
You understand?
And they're going to blame it on me.
So I'm saying,
no,
no.
I believe it happened.
Stop saying,
I said it didn't happen.
And stop saying that.
I'm saying no kids die because I want to talk about human animal hybrids and
human knowledge because Joe,
why is it gotta be a humanoid?
Why?
Because if you make it a few percentage points,
another animal or another creature,
it's a gray area.
There's no human rights.
You have an animal rights movement.
You have a human rights movement.
There's no alien movement.
Aliens are real.
They're creating human animal hybrids that are a new creature never here on
earth.
It's alien.
So the aliens already here,
AI is alien.
The kind of mirrors our alien aliens are already here.
So you're saying they're making these human animal hybrid so they would harvest
tissue from them.
That's just level one.
What's level two?
What's level eight?
Because a lot,
I'll tell you a lot.
For the best of my knowledge,
a lot of people think,
oh,
it's,
it's human harvesting of Falun Gong or these Buddhists really healthy.
That's big.
That's going on because they still have a better non rejection rate.
But with the [inaudible],
I don't remember 22 years ago reading a BB she article that was kind of testing
the waters.
They occasionally tested and they go,
oh yeah.
Uh,
about 15 years ago,
the first animal human coming here is her maiden test.
If they were not brought to term,
but some scientists want to implant them in utero and cows because I was,
that's a bigger uterus.
She can grow up a bigger humanoid and get more tissue and so then I went mapping
or go research that,
so I went to ut library.
At that time he could get some of the Internet in like 1996 and I wouldn't
actually pulled up all these MIT report.
I took him to my dad and other people who's doctor and they go,
yeah,
that's really crazy.
And it was all about how we've got to prepare the public for this because we're
going to be able to download their memories and then put it in a new body.
This was before blade runner,
so she,
it's not like this is the will,
the world's not imitating blade runner.
Blade runner is a preparation for what's coming and they're telling you more
human than human.
This is going to be more advanced.
This is going to be better,
but like everything,
like a cell phone or like a vaccine,
it's got a Trojan horse.
It's got a back door.
It's already been tested.
It's already been perfected.
It's being rolled out.
You're not given the real technology.
You're not given the real life extension.
You're given the crap Jo and the earth is seen as like an egg yolk to give the
propulsion power for this new thing that's going to be born.
And whether you believe it or not,
just like when the new thing,
meaning artificial intelligence beyond that,
it's a younger version of artificial intelligence and a whole synthesis of new
life forms.
And so that's the big giant race.
When Elon Musk came in and told you,
cause he goes,
he's building and our functions and he has a conscience.
So he's freaked out and they go,
these billionaire functions,
I don't just know this,
I've talked to people and I was in wired magazine 20 something years ago.
While the future does it need as bill joy,
a billionaire co owner,
Sun microsystems,
he goes to a billionaire meeting with 200 guys.
And the consensus was we're not gonna have people play video games and party all
day.
We're going to set up a world government.
We're going to slowly titrate the dose employees in the public,
dumb them down,
put electromagnetic radiation out with five g the scrambles or DNA lowers their
Iq.
We're going to cause mass mental illness and a controlled societal collapse that
will then be organized and controlled in the mop up crew by robots controlled by
the globalist programmers who believe with the Offworld entities.
They're in communication with that.
They're going to be given the operation to upload and be in that larger kind of
Borg Cube System.
Okay.
They sell the country.
You got to hit the brakes because I need to do we take this back to,
I'm so baffled.
What's the matter?
I can even go to one of these things.
My Mit Technology Review estimates that about 20 pregnancies of pig human or
sheep,
humankind areas have been established during the last 12 months in the u s total
white than 2016 I a hundred percent believe it.
Look,
I think that as this was going on in 1985 I'm sure they tried to recruit my dad
to a Darpa program.
I believe that in college I there when he was a dentist,
I believe that.
I believe that they will take all sorts of liberties in gray areas when it comes
to scientific.
Yeah.